---
layout: post
title: New House
date: '2018-10-22T20:00:00-04:00'
tags: []
---

It’s been a crazy Summer. 

Not only did I spend a significant amount of time this Summer preparing to [ship an app](/2018/10/17/dc-universe/), but we also bought a new house. Things got even crazier because we closed on the new house on the exact same day we shipped the app. 

Our new house is less than two miles from the old house. We’ve been looking for a new house for roughly three years. We were only interested in houses within the same township we’ve lived in for over 10 years now. We’ve looked at a few dozen houses in the area and weren’t thrilled with any of them. This house came up in the ideal neighborhood and we decided to move quickly on it.  The funny thing is that we actually looked at this house a year ago, but moved a little too slow and the old owners rented it out. 

What we did was buy the new house and then move a lot of stuff from the old house to the new house before listing. We bought the house on a Wednesday and had our open house the next Sunday. Our old house sold within days of listing, which was very nice. We then had about a month to move everything else out and into the new house. 

I’m still not sure owning two houses at the same time was a blessing or not. It meant that we could slowly move most of our belongings over ourselves. It also meant that we had stuff scattered between two houses and weren’t usually sure where things were. There was one Saturday where I went between the houses four times in a 30 minute time frame to find my son’s full soccer uniform. We were kind of a mess for a week or two. 

We are all moved into the new house now. We still have plenty of things in boxes, but we’ll be moving them to where they need to be over the next few weeks/months. The old house has been sold and has new owners now.

There was a lot of things happening all at once and it lead to a very stressful end of Summer. There was even more news, but that’ll be in a future post - very soon. I hope that things can start to calm down a little now. 
