---
layout: post
title: Seesaw
date: '2014-03-18T12:30:00-04:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://ryan.grier.co/post/79977269950/seesaw
---
I do my personal side projects in a very bipolar mode. I’ll go for months without the urge to develop anything. Then I’ll want to work on about 2 or 3 apps all at once and push through for a few months until I get burnt out.

I’m in the middle of a manic phase. So many projects, so little time.

## New App

I’m writing a new iOS app. It’s an audio app; I got the idea in early February and then spent the weekend writing about 75% of the app. I’ve spent the times since wrapping the rest of it up.

I’m using the app for a few hours everyday. I’m feeling pretty confident about how it’s turning out. There are a few issues left, but I hope to knock those out shortly.

I have to stop myself from trying to add new features. There are bunch of things I want to add, but I need to stop myself or else this will never get released.

## MyCntdwn

I’m also planning on a sizable update to [MyCntdwn](http://www.mycntdwnapp.com). I had hoped to have this ready to go by the end of April, but I don’t think that’s going to happen. The ideas I have for the app are just too big. I’ve done about 30% of the anticipated development for this update, but I’ve got a long way to go.

Currently the app has a lot of “legacy” code. This includes the same code I learned iOS and Objective-C with. I am leaning toward creating a whole new project and ridding myself of that old code, but that’ll be more work for me.

## What’s Next?

I don’t know how long this manic phase will last, so I’m trying to take full advantage of.

