---
layout: post
title: Some 2017 Goals
date: '2017-01-05T16:45:13-05:00'
categories: [goals]
tumblr_url: http://ryan.grier.co/post/155451382359/some-2017-goals
---
Please note, I meant to post this earlier this week. But I’ve been lazy.

There been a lot of 2016 hate recently. I didn’t think it was terrible. A lot of famous (and awesome) people died and we had a dreadful election. Other than that though, I don’t think 2016 was terrible.

I’m not going to dwell too much on 2016 here. It wasn’t an amazing year, but it wasn’t the worst year. 2015 was pretty bad for me.

A month or two ago, our family made these [Vision Boards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dream_board) (we’re trying something here) for what we wanted to accomplish in the next 12 months. I had four goals that I wanted to tackle. My goals are:

- Enter and compete in a half marathon
- Publish five technical blog posts
- Present something (show and tell or presentation) at our CocoaHeads meet up.
- Release a new app

They aren’t huge goals, but I feel they are important to me.

The half marathon is something that I know I can do. I’ve done this is in the past, but not since 2008. The last time I ran a long distance run, it was the 2008 Philadelphia Marathon. After which, I was turned off to running for a bit. Recently, I’ve wanted to run, but have had a handful of physical issues. Over the last year, I’ve gotten in a much better place physically and believe I may be ready for this challenge. I’ve already signed up for the [Philadelphia Rock ’n’ Roll Half Marathon](http://www.runrocknroll.com/philadelphia/) in September. This gives me plenty of time to get ready.

I hope to publish five technical articles early on in the year. I’ve been working on one for a while now. I am almost done with it, but I keep finding reasons not to work on it (laziness strikes again). I need to buckle down and wrap this first one up. Once done, I can move onto the others.

Presenting something to the CocoaHeads meet up will be tough for me. This is exactly why this goal is on my list. My thoughts right now are to turn my first technical post of the year into a presentation for the group. It’s a lengthy post and should make for a good presentation. The tough part for me will be actually doing it. I’m bad a it and look for reasons to avoid it.

I’ve got plenty of ideas for new apps. For me, its just finding the time and doing it. I have something new in the works now, but I’m not sure if it’ll make it to release.

I hope to finish all but that first goal before June of this year. Then I can create some new (larger) goals for myself.

Wish me luck.
